---
title: inspired
date: 2022-11-03
---

# inspired

<br>

Song: I believe I can fly, R. Kelly

<br>

Taking into account others opinions can be both beneficial and detremental at times. On the side of detrement you can find yourself considering thoughts against your thoughts. These can bring mental pain when you actually consider them factual when in fact they are either not true or do not apply to your circumstances. Pushing that aside for a moment lets focus on the benefits. ```Time is of the essence``` in that taking equal or even more time than spent on detremental thoughts can bring you the absolute positive effects you crave or need.

<br>

Recently I find myself building and building with little breakthrough. I continue to push on during these late nights reminiscing on the first time that I watched the show Shark Tank. On that show is a man named Robert Herjavec who said in that episode that his first 6 businesses failed miserably but he pushed on for the dream. He eventually became a billionare businessman and investor. While I do not aspire to achieve billionare status, I do hope to succeed in my endeavors. Today one of those breakthroughs came. A new set of acquaintances that I met through my NFT endeavors came into the Bosun Shirts server within Discord. They provided excellent feedback that will serve well in the future and for building the great community we at Bosun Shirts seek. One of the cool new features is a thing called a tipbot. This computer program works within Discord to allow each user in there to send various cryptocurrencies to each other. This crypto can then be easily withdrawn to any applicable blockchain compatable "wallet" for external use, sale, or movement. Pretty cool in the digital space. Even made a cool $.03 tip called a ```joey``` paying homage to the 3 penny pieces of yester-year.

<br>

One of those new found friends echoed something that has been on my mind for a while. He caught quick wind of who I am and where I have been and stated he had goosebumps and felt a calling to tell me to ```write a book```. Ugh, I have been told this before. This time it was from a seeming stranger and contained some spiritual weight. Call me crazy but I take people seriously when they show passion. So I have begun writing my story in book form. Here I serve to get out my daily interactions and thoughts but ```the_book``` will serve as an autobiography of sorts. This life has an unique story and I feel ```inspired``` to share.

<br>

For reference here is my current job list, I am grateful and proud to be: <br>
Student at Syracuse University (computer programming softmore) <br>
Bosun Shirts (Founder / Co-Owner) <br>
Veterans Go Outdoors (Founder / President) <br>
Golf Caddy (Professional tournament caddy) <br>
Draftsman (Currently under contract for an Electrical Engineering firm in NYC) <br>
Retired Military??? <br>

Thank you for getting me to this point and wherever tomorrow brings. Smile today, knowing you have helped someone.

<br>

## Chief-Prince-Of-Function
