---
title: him
date: 2023-07-10
---

# him

<br>

Song: Hold My Hand, Hootie & The Blowfish

<br>

What do you do? When you have read the entire available series of a book, what do you do at that point? I find myself at this juncture recently. Dont get all uptight now about religion but I have read the entirety of the bible and find myself seaking more. In 2023, "more" is found fairly easily through a google search. Nothing to absurd of a read but I have an increasing thirst for the information that the books and gospels outside of the holy bible contain. Lets call them "lost books" of the bible. These are all biblical referenced accounts of the same events we all know and love for the gross most of it all. The small bits that are not related to biblical Jesus and others need be taken with a grain of salt and furthermore ill add that a great deal of open mindedness is necessary. I take great pride in my ability to read the information at hand and without passing judgement, store the information in either of two categories. Namely these categories are either "fit for" my personal totality of beliefs or "not fit for" my personal totality... 

<br>

This is not to say that any information that is beheld in either category cannot move to the other down the road of life. That is open mindedness, the ability to change your opinion based on new information. I may add a bit further that this open mindedness becomes more of a passion as you practice more and more. Take time to challenge your own thoughts about an event or circumstance for instance. Blame becomes less and less realevant... Food for thought. Seeking God and more of God seems to be of both upmost importance and very prudent in and endeavor to be placed in a higher spot than hell. Call me crazy though. lol 

<br>

Taking time in prayer has many great benefits. Work to be better today than yesterday.


<br>

## Chief-Prince-Of-Function
