---
title: quitting
date: 2023-06-27
---

# quitting

<br>

Song: Peace, O.A.R.

<br>

Today I begin an arduous journey. In search of further peace in my life I find myself at a crossroads with nicotine again. Starting at 14 years old I have been using nicotine one way or another. Today I’m done, and hopefully done done. We all know there are failures in attempts. More than can be counted when dealing with addiction to substances. I’ve been here before as you know. Almost 5 years ago, I gave up alcohol once and for all. Today I find myself beginning the same battle again but with vaping. Wish me luck.  

<br>

What a cringe I get when confessing a vulnerability. Still after years of intense therapy and more inpatient than I care to admit, lol. I have been vulnerable to complete strangers and longtime friends alike, countless times. Yet through all that, I still cringe when confessing vulnerabilities. I fear this cringe moment/insecurity/phobia... is shared among others, and I fear worse that this holds others back from saying what they would like to say. I hate seeing others hush themselves out of fear and I’ll stand alone if necessary, becoming vulnerable for progress over perfection in my own life. I hope to document my journey a bit and use blogging as a positive outlet. Here we go!

<br>

Serving as a shining beacon, if necessary, but with humble intentions I will strive to be better today than yesterday and content with the past. I pray for the willpower, strength, and grace to be fully equipped for my next adventure in the world of “throwing away what is no longer needed.”


<br>

## Chief-Prince-Of-Function
