---
title: special
date: 2023-06-25
---

# special

<br>

Song: Special, Lizzo

<br>

Despite the lengthy time between my last post and now, I have not forgotten you. Today I am again compelled to write thoughts for anyone to see... Busy to say the least as of late. I am now working as an Orvis associate in Westbury. I spend a great deal of my time there working within the fly-fishing department. On most Saturday mornings I can be found giving instruction on casting, knots, flies, and equipment to novice but curious fly fishers. I love my job and the self-fulfillment I get out of sharing a lifetime of lessons with the most energetic of enthusiasts you can find. Yesterday I was helping a young man no more than 13 years or so into life. This fella was so enthused with learning to tie his own flies, he asked so many questions from hook shank lengths to marabou color variations to cone head beads with or without eyes... it went on and on.  

<br>

But as Lizzo says in the song "Special", I was not only ready to answer every question he had with now 37 years of life experience fishing under my belt, I met that young fisher with every ounce of passion as he did. There came a point in our lengthy conversation where I looked at him and said, "you remind me of... a young me" and I meant it. Baring a lengthy over-explanation of my life and similarities, I assume you all know me well enough to understand. :)

<br>

The most Special moments of our lives may come in the form of seeing the beauty of the process in another.


<br>

## Chief-Prince-Of-Function
